[Music]
hey chief am I'm still in Toronto Canada
today we are getting into camera talk
but before that I just wanna remind you
each emerge is on sell rub that peachy
that Patriots
[Music]
my absolutely favorite thing about
YouTube events such as buffer festival
this is why I am in Toronto Canada is
meeting people that I have watched on
the Internet
but becoming friends with them I are
some examples of the awesome humans I've
been hanging and filming with we have
Maddy right there
we have Peter McKinnon right there and
as usual the Jonathan Hill this is a
sick skate park
crushin on the board he's repping the PG
merch Wow art Joey see if I can see you
on frame okay cool whoa I'm just pumped
Peter there is a rumor out there what
have what have you seen on the interwebs
that is true false well you know yeah I
don't know that we should necessarily
like give out the actual answer but it
looks like we may or may not be related
yeah Wow what do you guys think
dumplin's
you talk drama their hands a lot
like in different videos that's like
it's only just one of the similarities
of the commenters harami the same color
face
we're gonna talk about today cameras and
why maybe having a 4k camera or just
focusing on those super shiny specs
isn't the most important yeah the
pictures in the box not about the
pictures in the box
don't judge a book by its cover you need
to read the whole thing there you go so
let's start out what Oh doc what yeah
what nut code out of the branch so let's
talk about Kodak but I think a way that
people get confused about it is when
you're choosing settings and heritage is
1080 you choose for case sometimes you
have options to record at 100 megabytes
or 50 megabytes what is that little
number beside the 1080 and 4k mean in
terms of codec and why is that important
so it's like it's the quality of the 4k
so I like to use the example like the
maverick versus the inspire they both
shoot 4k so the inspire to use obviously
it's way more money because that 4k
codec is a much higher quality when the
camera shoots that 4k it exports it
inside itself oh all the magic happens
and it exports that footage to a memory
card at a higher quality so that's kind
of what you're paying for that's why
these cameras these super cameras these
cinema cameras are so expensive it's
because those codecs are way better
quality than the codec of an entry-level
DSLR and that's where I always say to
people like don't just be fooled by the
box that says like 4k because there's
there's way more that goes into it than
just the logo so full disclosure I
mainly shoot Sony you mainly shoot
pretty much shoot Canada yeah so it
restore friends yeah in terms of the
quality of the image there's also
something like color science you've made
eight video yeah I'm explaining this but
explain why is that important because as
a Sony user now I love the cameras I use
with something I miss is Canon skin
tones yeah and it yeah yeah it's
different so why is that important
well it's the whole look it's your whole
style right it's the look at the footage
it's how it grades it's how it edits and
posts and stuff like that like you you
want like good-looking skin tones it
also helps speed up your edits so like
you don't have to do as much to the
footage so if you want to get something
out quickly but maybe something like
Sony has noticed not knocking on them
like I have to edit so many footage a
lot more to get it to like where I
almost am happy with it which is just
what cannon shoots colorscience wise out
of the camera so it speeds up the the
Edit for me and then yeah you just get
that look which is gonna be a style like
a friend of a friend you guys have
probably heard of Sam colder before if
you like mainly shoots cannon just for
the colorscience like all specs aside
just for the color because that's you
know one of the first things people look
at aside like oh cool cool content is
like oh this is beautiful like this is
great image right and something I will
say on the Sony side is you do have more
flexibility within even the cameras from
the rx100 the stew
small point and shoot up to the a7s
because you can have the s logged
profiles you have over I don't even know
how many but there's many profiles to
choose from where you can get a very
flat image that allows more potential
for color grading but if you have no
idea what you're doing it's very hard to
make that look good but you'll notice
there's way more like there's way more
potential like if you're editing any
kind of vlog footage you can do so much
to it and make it look so many different
ways but if you don't have any log
settings at all you can kind of like
you've one or two small twigs and then
you're done nothing else and that goes
back to what we were talking about Kodak
in terms of color grading can your
footage hold up to the grade right if
you have a higher quality codec it's all
coming together folks a certain final
thing we are going to talk about
something that people don't think about
battery and also the weight of the
camera as you can tell this is a Canon
1dx this thing is insane I yeah I maybe
this is huge I mean this thing aspect
out it's a it takes a beautiful image
the bruise but speak to the weight of
the camera the batteries are long can
you shoot on okay so like look at this
like this battery is this is passive
it's a huge battery but the best part is
like I don't have to switch it almost
all day like I'm vlogging I'm doing
b-roll I'm shooting 120 I'm doing photo
so I can switch back and forth maybe two
batteries of them being like obnoxious
about it I'm just shooting like
everything but just to and like I can go
the whole day and the reason I love how
big this is which it looks like a
nuisance let's be honest I can you see
me vlogging with this in public and
you're like what is that guy that's
that's the dumbest thing I've ever seen
but the way it is heavy yes but that
helps with like stabilizing the camera
it gives me more stable handheld shots
it's easier to actually not get shaky
footage because that weight is like
holding down like my arm it's just like
it's more solid so yes it can be a
positive but that can also be negative
when you break it down
exactly and full disclosure this is one
of the most expensive Canon DSLRs out
there doctor
however comment I was an avid user of
the Canon 70d and the battery on DSLRs
traditionally are going to be better
than mirrorless cameras like Sony's line
of a7s a7r so definitely it's something
to think about and these are some of the
reasons why maybe that fork a little
label on the box isn't the most
important all things to think about when
you're buying a camera
[Music]
those scars on your hand what is that
from
it's from falling on the one wheel at 32
kilometers an hour I couldn't run it out
fast enough because I can't run that
fast and I used this to like cover my
face so I can still do my intros and
yeah I was just thinking just bad
choices
yeah wheel actually called me they're
like what are you doing clearly I don't
know so it's time let's see if I can do
this without wiping out on my face got
it
Falls jumpers most people but just like
try not to think about it too much just
nice subtle movements got it yeah
perfect perfect
[Applause]
so the faster you go and like more
momentum you pick up that the easier it
is and then get ya
super shaky super shaky
120th day
she's killing it
Shawn you're very good theater
thanks man thank you did you actually
get some footage of me riding around I
did Oh quick reminder only five days
left to cop the booty move either while
you can special thanks to Peter and
Maddy thank you for filming
thank you for knowing so much camera
stuff you do as well hey coldest
blizzard he teaches me a lot of this
camera stuff so it's texting go
subscribe to these lovely human why'd he
say it about about about about sorry uh
sorry about that can I thank you so much
for tuning in
lovely skate park in Toronto Canada I am
headed to the airport right now let me
know if you like this video hit that
subscribe button down below
everyone's links are down inscription
below to remember peachy emerge calm
until next time stay peachy
[Music]